today we're gonna open our Hexbug nano
me too switch on the bottom we're gonna
turn our headphones on and try out our
new toy
it's climbing up you guys behind the
textbook and both sides of their bodies
now well my kids are thoroughly enjoying
this point is somebody pushing on it and
potentially ruining a very cool toy
I named for him Regina speech gives him
him playing with this toy in one stop it
will last 15 to 20 minutes straight
Meili Eliza she has not lost attention
with this plane at all so it is a pretty
fun thing they really been doing it I
think the redesigned exoskeleton of the
hex bugs with the little antennas on top
is a great design because it's helping
the kids have a lot more fun playing
with them so they've been planning with
this now for over a day the kids are
still loving it right oh is that good
good you can see Michael's trying to
help by putting lots of them in right
now but if you don't want to have
traffic jams and shoes I would say go
with one or two pets bugs not viruses
like our kids want to do and good throw
Michael
and then so you can see how she's
getting this guy out Oh traffic jam
holes happen there we go right back in
so I mentioned earlier that I was a
little concerned about the structure of
this and being strong enough to
withstand my kids and I'm happy to say
that we've had this for a while now I
mean they're still playing with it every
single day they played with this toy and
it hasn't gotten old and it hasn't
gotten broken so I'm happy because it
has held up these plastic pieces do move
but they don't seem to break so I'm
excited about that
good job Michael that was the hex bags
on his cheek does that feel interesting
and sound interesting Michael yes you
know it's fun are you fixing it good job